README.md, before:

libsandbox
===========

Summary
-------
libsandbox is a collection of APIs for separating running programs.


Dependencies
============

Below are the tools and libraries (and their minimum versions) required to build libsandbox:

- cmake (version required by openwebos/cmake-modules-webos)
- g++ 4.6.3
- make (any version)
- openwebos/cmake-modules-webos 1.0.0 RC2

How to Build on Linux
=====================

## Building

Once you have downloaded the source, enter the following to build it (after
changing into the directory under which it was downloaded):

    $ mkdir BUILD
    $ cd BUILD
    $ cmake ..
    $ make
    $ sudo make install

The directory under which the files are installed defaults to `/usr/local/webos`.
You can install them elsewhere by supplying a value for `WEBOS_INSTALL_ROOT`
when invoking `cmake`. For example:

    $ cmake -D WEBOS_INSTALL_ROOT:PATH=$HOME/projects/openwebos ..
    $ make
    $ make install

will install the files in subdirectories of `$HOME/projects/openwebos`.

Specifying `WEBOS_INSTALL_ROOT` also causes `pkg-config` to look in that tree
first before searching the standard locations. You can specify additional
directories to be searched prior to this one by setting the `PKG_CONFIG_PATH`
environment variable.

If not specified, `WEBOS_INSTALL_ROOT` defaults to `/usr/local/webos`.

To configure for a debug build, enter:

    $ cmake -D CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE:STRING=Debug ..

To see a list of the make targets that `cmake` has generated, enter:

    $ make help

## Uninstalling

From the directory where you originally ran `make install`, enter:

    $ [sudo] make uninstall

You will need to use `sudo` if you did not specify `WEBOS_INSTALL_ROOT`.

## Copyright and License Information

Unless otherwise specified, all content, including all source code files and
documentation files in this repository are:

Copyright (c) 2010-2012 Hewlett-Packard Development Company, L.P.

Unless otherwise specified or set forth in the NOTICE file, all content,
including all source code files and documentation files in this repository are:
Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this content except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

Commit message:

Add support for building unit test binary
- Add building notes for test binary to README.md
- Add a 'tests' target that builds the unit test 'test-sandbox'.
- Build it as part of 'make all' if WEBOS_CONFIG_BUILD_TESTS is specified when
  running cmake

Open-webOS-DCO-1.0-Signed-off-by: Pekka Ropo <pekka.ropo@palm.com>

Change-Id: I761d4fa5834b218b5ce73af7f55d25cb83e47550

README.md, after:

libsandbox
===========

Summary
-------
libsandbox is a collection of APIs for separating running programs.


Dependencies
============

Below are the tools and libraries (and their minimum versions) required to build libsandbox:

- cmake (version required by openwebos/cmake-modules-webos)
- g++ 4.6.3
- make (any version)
- openwebos/cmake-modules-webos 1.0.0 RC2

How to Build on Linux
=====================

## Building

Once you have downloaded the source, enter the following to build it (after
changing into the directory under which it was downloaded):

    $ mkdir BUILD
    $ cd BUILD
    $ cmake ..
    $ make
    $ sudo make install

The directory under which the files are installed defaults to `/usr/local/webos`.
You can install them elsewhere by supplying a value for `WEBOS_INSTALL_ROOT`
when invoking `cmake`. For example:

    $ cmake -D WEBOS_INSTALL_ROOT:PATH=$HOME/projects/openwebos ..
    $ make
    $ make install

will install the files in subdirectories of `$HOME/projects/openwebos`.

Specifying `WEBOS_INSTALL_ROOT` also causes `pkg-config` to look in that tree
first before searching the standard locations. You can specify additional
directories to be searched prior to this one by setting the `PKG_CONFIG_PATH`
environment variable.

If not specified, `WEBOS_INSTALL_ROOT` defaults to `/usr/local/webos`.

To configure for a debug build, enter:

    $ cmake -D CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE:STRING=Debug ..

To see a list of the make targets that `cmake` has generated, enter:

    $ make help

## Uninstalling

From the directory where you originally ran `make install`, enter:

    $ [sudo] make uninstall

You will need to use `sudo` if you did not specify `WEBOS_INSTALL_ROOT`.

## Unit test

After you have run `cmake`, you can build the `test-sandbox` unit test by entering:

    $ make tests

You will find the `test-sandbox` binary in the current directory.

To configure the building of `test-sandbox` to be done as part of 'make all', enter:

    $ cmake -D WEBOS_CONFIG_BUILD_TESTS:BOOL=TRUE ..

## Copyright and License Information

Unless otherwise specified, all content, including all source code files and
documentation files in this repository are:

Copyright (c) 2010-2012 Hewlett-Packard Development Company, L.P.

Unless otherwise specified or set forth in the NOTICE file, all content,
including all source code files and documentation files in this repository are:
Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this content except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
